let's plan a new application similar to the one in the folder "app". the new app in the folder assistant and with the name "Personal Application Assistant" 
  is supposed to be an agentic solution of the other app with extended   
  functionality. the new app is supposed to be a personal application assistant supporting the user with 1. creating a professional cover letter given    
  the user's CV and job information, 2. helping the users with formulating answers to specific about their career, e.g., motivation or experience related     
  questions and salary. read carefully the app/README.md and app/CLAUDE.md files to fully understand the old project. deep  
  dive into the old code when needed. the new app implements an assistant which will have a conversation with the applicant, e.g., starting with asking   
  the name of the applicant and job url and asking follow-up questions if needed. keep the user in the loop, e.g., asking if information was correctly    
  extracted. be inspired by the implemented workflow in the old old and leverage the optimized system and user prompts for creating candidates and job profile, 
  creating cover letters, evaluating the cover letters with a hiring manager similation. consider the feedback from the hireing manage simulation to improve 
  the cover letter and so on until an almost perfect cover letter is created or a maximal number of iterations is reach. return the best cover letter. 
  show the cover letter to the user for review, ask if more questions need to be answered and finally give the user the opportunity to export everything. 
  think hard about a suited agentic framework with full observability.                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                          
  do not implement anything right now. ask me clarifying questions. let's spend enough time for the planning.                                             
                                                                                                                                                          
 here are ideas for the design:
 1. landing page, similar to the one in the old app. a big button leads to the conversation view
 2. divide the conversation view into 2 parts: left (around 2/3 of the width) contains the chat. right (around 1/3) shows all LLM interactions. 
 3. the left side is a typical chat view. messages are framed and have a background color. print also the actions as one liner. show a spinner when an 
    action is still going on
 4. on right side, each LLM interaction is shown as a card with
     - timestamp
     - model
     - input/output tokens
     - processing time
    show a spinner
